Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 1. I prefer to do things with others rather than on my own
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 2. I prefer to do things the same way over and over again
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 3. If I try to imagine something, I find it very easy to create a picture in my mind
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 4. I frequently get so strongly absorbed in one thing that I lose sight of other things
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 5. I often notice small sounds when others do not
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 6. I usually notice car number plates or similar strings of information
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 7. Other people frequently tell me that what I've said is impolite, even though I think it is polite
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 8. When I'm reading a story, I can easily imagine what the characters might look like
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 9. I am fascinated by dates
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 10. In a social group, I can easily keep track of several different people's conversations
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 11. I find social situations easy
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 12. I tend to notice details that others do not
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 13. I would rather go to a library than a party
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 14. I find making up stories easy
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 15. I find myself drawn more strongly to people than to things
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 16. I tend to have very strong interests which I get upset about if I can't pursue
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 17. I enjoy social chit-chat
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 18. When I talk, it isn't always easy for others to get a word in edgeways
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 19. I am fascinated by numbers
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 20. When I'm reading a story, I find it difficult to work out the characters' intentions
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 21. I don't particularly enjoy reading fiction
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 22. I find it hard to make new friends
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 23. I notice patterns in things all the time
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 24. I would rather go to the theatre than a museum
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 25. It does not upset me if my daily routine is disturbed
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 26. I frequently find that I don't know how to keep a conversation going
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 27. I find it easy to 'read between the lines' when someone is talking to me
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 28. I usually concentrate more on the whole picture, rather than the small details
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 29. I am not very good at remembering phone numbers
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 30. I don't usually notice small changes in a situation, or a person's appearance
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 31. I know how to tell if someone listening to me is getting bored
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 32. I find it easy to do more than one thing at once
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 33. When I talk on the phone, I'm not sure when it's my turn to speak
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 34. I enjoy doing things spontaneously
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 35. I am often the last to understand the point of a joke
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 36. I find it easy to work out what someone is thinking or feeling just by looking at their face
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 37. If there is an interruption, I can switch back to what I was doing very quickly
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 38. I am good at social chit-chat
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 39. People often tell me that I keep going on and on about the same thing
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 40. When I was young, I used to enjoy playing games involving pretending with other children
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 41. I like to collect information about categories of things
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 42. I find it difficult to imagine what it would be like to be someone else
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 43. I like to plan any activities I participate in carefully
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 44. I enjoy social occasions
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 45. I find it difficult to work out people's intentions
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 46. New situations make me anxious
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 47. I enjoy meeting new people
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 48. I am a good diplomat
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 49. I am not very good at remembering people's date of birth
Answer the following statements only with 'definitely agree', 'slightly agree', 'slightly disagree', 'definitely disagree': 50. I find it very easy to play games with children that involve pretending